feat: Add a speedier script tag for prerendered redirects (#9911)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/hungry-rocks-hunt.md

---

> '@sveltejs/kit': minor
> ---
> 
> feat: add a speedier script for prerendered redirects

Reviewer: Not sure this warrants a minor 😄 
```suggestion
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

perf: add a script to prerendered redirects for faster redirects
```

Author: Yeah, I think you're right

> perf: add a script to prerendered redirects for faster redirects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
perf: add `<script>` to prerendered redirects for faster redirects
```
